README.md, before:

# vps-powered-by-docker

Arch Linux setup script to obtain a full VPS with Automatic Reverse Proxy without pain

## Stack
- IPv4/IPv6 support ( Dual Stack )
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [CenturyLinkLabs/watchtower](https://github.com/CenturyLinkLabs/watchtower) as the Docker auto-update manager
- [julianxhokaxhiu/docker-nginx-reloaded](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/docker-nginx-reloaded) as Reverse Proxy Docker container with Nginx, acme.sh and DNS on docker0

## Modules
- [ampache](http://ampache.org/) ( [ampache.lan.sh](modules/ampache.lan.sh) )
- Atlassian Stack: [JIRA](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira) + [Confluence](https://www.atlassian.com/software/confluence) + [BitBucket Server](https://bitbucket.org/product/server) ( [atlassian.lan.sh](modules/atlassian.lan.sh) )
- [DNS Server](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/docker-powerdns) ( [dns.lan.sh](modules/dns.lan.sh) )
- [goaccess](https://goaccess.io/) ( [goaccess.lan.sh](modules/goaccess.lan.sh) )
- [gogs](https://gogs.io/) ( [gogs.lan.sh](modules/gogs.lan.sh) )
- [koel](https://koel.phanan.net/) ( [koel.lan.sh](modules/koel.lan.sh) )
- [Lineage](http://lineageos.org/) [CI/CD](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/docker-lineage-cicd) + [OTA](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/LineageOTA) ( [lineage.lan.sh](modules/lineage.lan.sh) )
- [Poste](https://poste.io) ( [mail.lan.sh](modules/mail.lan.sh) )
- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ( [nextcloud.lan.sh](modules/nextcloud.lan.sh) )
- [ownCloud](https://owncloud.org/) ( [owncloud.lan.sh](modules/owncloud.lan.sh) )
- [Portainer](https://github.com/portainer/portainer) ( [portainer.lan.sh](modules/portainer.lan.sh) )
- [Rainloop](http://www.rainloop.net/) ( [rainloop.lan.sh](modules/rainloop.lan.sh) )
- [Typo3](https://typo3.org/) ( [typo3.lan.sh](modules/typo3.lan.sh) )
- [UI for Docker](https://github.com/kevana/ui-for-docker) ( [ui-for-docker.lan.sh](modules/ui-for-docker.lan.sh) )
- [WebDAV](https://hub.docker.com/r/idelsink/webdav/) ( [webdav.lan.sh](modules/webdav.lan.sh) )
- [Winds](http://winds.getstream.io/) ( [winds.lan.sh](modules/winds.lan.sh) )

## Requirements
A clean Arch Linux install with SSH capability as root user ( or any user which has sudo powers ).

## Installation
```bash
wget https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/vps-powered-by-docker/archive/master.zip
unzip master.zip && cd vps-powered-by-docker-master
find ./ -name "*.sh" -exec chmod +x {} \;
LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL="foo@bar.mail" ./install.sh
```
> Remember to configure with the right email the `LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL` environment variable.

## Module setup
Edit the configuration variables to fit your needs, inside every module, then
```bash
./modules/<module_name>.sh
# example ./modules/mail.lan.sh
```

**WARNING:** Within this stack **every** module will get an automatic LE HTTPS certificate, if the FQDN is accepted on LE side. If yes, your HTTP domain will be redirected to HTTPS in automatic as soon as the certificate is there.

## Performance monitoring

Take a look at your Docker status thanks to this awesome CLI tool called [ctop](https://github.com/bcicen/ctop).

## Disclaimer
- The mapping of the domains to the Host IP is considered done already externally to this project ( through DNS Server or statically inside your `hosts` file )

Commit message:

Add ability to disable LETSENCRYPT

README.md, after:

# vps-powered-by-docker

Arch Linux setup script to obtain a full VPS with Automatic Reverse Proxy without pain

## Stack
- IPv4/IPv6 support ( Dual Stack )
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [CenturyLinkLabs/watchtower](https://github.com/CenturyLinkLabs/watchtower) as the Docker auto-update manager
- [julianxhokaxhiu/docker-nginx-reloaded](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/docker-nginx-reloaded) as Reverse Proxy Docker container with Nginx, acme.sh and DNS on docker0

## Modules
- [ampache](http://ampache.org/) ( [ampache.lan.sh](modules/ampache.lan.sh) )
- Atlassian Stack: [JIRA](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira) + [Confluence](https://www.atlassian.com/software/confluence) + [BitBucket Server](https://bitbucket.org/product/server) ( [atlassian.lan.sh](modules/atlassian.lan.sh) )
- [DNS Server](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/docker-powerdns) ( [dns.lan.sh](modules/dns.lan.sh) )
- [goaccess](https://goaccess.io/) ( [goaccess.lan.sh](modules/goaccess.lan.sh) )
- [gogs](https://gogs.io/) ( [gogs.lan.sh](modules/gogs.lan.sh) )
- [koel](https://koel.phanan.net/) ( [koel.lan.sh](modules/koel.lan.sh) )
- [Lineage](http://lineageos.org/) [CI/CD](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/docker-lineage-cicd) + [OTA](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/LineageOTA) ( [lineage.lan.sh](modules/lineage.lan.sh) )
- [Poste](https://poste.io) ( [mail.lan.sh](modules/mail.lan.sh) )
- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ( [nextcloud.lan.sh](modules/nextcloud.lan.sh) )
- [ownCloud](https://owncloud.org/) ( [owncloud.lan.sh](modules/owncloud.lan.sh) )
- [Portainer](https://github.com/portainer/portainer) ( [portainer.lan.sh](modules/portainer.lan.sh) )
- [Rainloop](http://www.rainloop.net/) ( [rainloop.lan.sh](modules/rainloop.lan.sh) )
- [Typo3](https://typo3.org/) ( [typo3.lan.sh](modules/typo3.lan.sh) )
- [UI for Docker](https://github.com/kevana/ui-for-docker) ( [ui-for-docker.lan.sh](modules/ui-for-docker.lan.sh) )
- [WebDAV](https://hub.docker.com/r/idelsink/webdav/) ( [webdav.lan.sh](modules/webdav.lan.sh) )
- [Winds](http://winds.getstream.io/) ( [winds.lan.sh](modules/winds.lan.sh) )

## Requirements
A clean Arch Linux install with SSH capability as root user ( or any user which has sudo powers ).

## Installation
```bash
wget https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/vps-powered-by-docker/archive/master.zip
unzip master.zip && cd vps-powered-by-docker-master
find ./ -name "*.sh" -exec chmod +x {} \;
LETSENCRYPT_ENABLE=1 LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL="foo@bar.mail" ./install.sh
```
> Remember to configure with the right email the `LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL` environment variable.
> If you don't want LETSENCRYPT at all, you can disable this part by setting LETSENCRYPT_ENABLE=0

## Module setup
Edit the configuration variables to fit your needs, inside every module, then
```bash
./modules/<module_name>.sh
# example ./modules/mail.lan.sh
```

**WARNING:** Within this stack **every** module will get an automatic LE HTTPS certificate, if the FQDN is accepted on LE side. If yes, your HTTP domain will be redirected to HTTPS in automatic as soon as the certificate is there.

## Performance monitoring

Take a look at your Docker status thanks to this awesome CLI tool called [ctop](https://github.com/bcicen/ctop).

## Disclaimer
- The mapping of the domains to the Host IP is considered done already externally to this project ( through DNS Server or statically inside your `hosts` file )
